---
layout: page
excerpt: "Rouan Wilsenach - Software Developer"
tags: [Rouan, Wilsenach, ThoughtWorks, agile, software, developer, development, continuous, delivery]
share: false
---
<h2>Articles</h2>

{% include _promo.html title="5 cures for your test data headaches" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="https://techbeacon.com/5-cures-your-test-data-headaches" imageUrl="images/headaches.jpg" description="Tests are a crucial part of ensuring that our systems actually do what they’re meant to do. All tests inevitably rely on data in some form. The problem is that testers tend to get themselves into unnecessary tangles as a result of how they create and maintain their test data." %}

{% include _promo.html title="5 ways to put your microservices to the test" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="https://techbeacon.com/5-ways-put-your-microservices-test" imageUrl="images/microservice-testing.jpg" description="After nearly two years working in a microservices architecture, I've learned to break a lot of my own rules. When working with a large set of small, diverse applications, the rules just don't seem as important. A microservices ecosystem pairs well with a more pragmatic approach to testing." %}

{% include _promo.html title="Should you write automated UI tests?" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="https://techbeacon.com/should-you-write-automated-ui-tests-4-questions-answer-first" imageUrl="images/ui-tests.jpg" description="UI tests use your application as a user would. At their best, they are the single most comprehensive way of testing your application. At their worst, they cause developers to spend hours every week maintaining tests that never actually stop any bugs from reaching production. Not sure whether your next feature needs a UI test? Here’s a simple set of questions to help you decide." %}

{% include _promo.html title="3 production QA practices that will save your business money" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="https://techbeacon.com/3-production-qa-practices-will-save-your-business-money" imageUrl="images/save-money.jpg" description="Most organizations use quality assurance practices to improve the quality of their systems, hoping that, in the long run, the increase in quality will lead to lower costs and higher profitability. The problem is that they may be wasting too much time worrying about issues that will never happen. QA in production is a set of emerging DevOps techniques that focus on fostering a keen awareness of what the actual issues are in production." %}

{% include _promo.html title="5 ways to cheat the software change curve with DevOps" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="https://techbeacon.com/5-ways-cheat-software-change-curve-devops" imageUrl="images/devops-cheat-curve.jpg" description="DevOps practices can push the boundaries further, reducing the cost of change dramatically. These practices tend to focus on what happens while and after software is released, and each of them makes it cheaper to make changes late and often. They can even help you deal with what happens when things go wrong, as they so often do." %}

{% include _promo.html title="QA in Production" type="Article on" publication="martinfowler.com" url="https://martinfowler.com/articles/qa-in-production.html" imageUrl="images/qa-in-prod.png" description="Things always go wrong in production, but this doesn’t have to be a bad thing. It’s an opportunity to learn about your system and the real world with which it interacts. With the right production monitoring tools and a good Continuous Delivery pipeline, you can build a set of feedback mechanisms that help you find out about issues as they happen and ship fixes quickly. Adopting production QA practices can help you gain a richer understanding of the real issues your system faces and learn new ways to improve its quality." %}

{% include _promo.html title="Are your tests slowing you down?" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="https://techbeacon.com/are-your-app-tests-slowing-you-down" imageUrl="images/snail.png" description="Application tests are useful because they help you go faster. They help you to make changes to your code without fear of breaking existing functionality. That said, I’ve seen teams get slowed down by their approach to testing. Here's how you can avoid that fate." %}

{% include _promo.html title="Don't be a DevOps hero" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="http://techbeacon.com/dont-be-devops-hero-youre-just-creating-devops-silo" imageUrl="images/don_t_be_a_devops_hero_silos.jpg" description="Many organizations stumble on their DevOps journeys because, even as they focus on breaking down silos, the teams formed to champion DevOps end up becoming silos themselves. Here's a look at how these DevOps heroes are created, why it’s problematic, and a few techniques to help you avoid this trap." %}

{% include _promo.html title="3 techniques for stress-free release management" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="http://techbeacon.com/3-devops-techniques-stress-free-release-management" imageUrl="images/stress.jpg" description="Thanks to an explosion of DevOps tools and techniques, releasing new features no longer needs to be a stressful, all-weekend slumber party. What follows are a few release management techniques that you can use to take the stress out of releases and get a good night’s sleep." %}

{% include _promo.html title="Killer dashboards" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="http://techbeacon.com/how-setup-dashboards-deliver-better-apps-monitor-users" imageUrl="images/dashboard.jpg" description="How many people are using your website right now? Which features are their favorites? Are they experiencing errors or getting stuck? How are your servers performing? Is your code easy to work with? Are you making money? Create the right dashboards and you'll have the answers to these questions all around you, all the time." %}

{% include _promo.html title="11 ideas to crank your deployment pipeline to 11" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="http://techbeacon.com/11-ideas-crank-your-deployment-pipeline-11" imageUrl="images/11.png" description="In the parody rock movie This Is Spinal Tap, the band's guitarist gets himself a brand new amp that's so loud, he explains, that its volume knob goes up to 11 instead of just 10. Once you've set up your first deployment pipeline, you may be looking for ideas to make your deployments easier and more reliable. Here are 11 ideas you can use to give your pipeline that extra push." %}

{% include _promo.html title="Stylish and Sane: A Guide to Better CSS" type="Article on" publication="InfoQ" url="http://www.infoq.com/articles/guide-to-better-css" imageUrl="images/infoq.jpg" description="Let's face it. All websites need CSS and yours is probably awful. There's too much of it. There's a bunch of duplication. It's like a delicately spun spider web, tightly coupled and fragile. It has more patches than a bicycle wheel. It doesn't need to be this way. I’ll introduce you to the concept of component-based styling and show you how to curate a style guide for your site." %}

{% include _promo.html title="Running the gauntlet: Setting up your first deployment pipeline" type="Article on" publication="TechBeacon" url="http://techbeacon.com/running-gauntlet-setting-your-first-deployment-pipeline" imageUrl="images/pipeline.jpg" description="You have a new feature you need to take to production. Maybe you've created it to respond to some customer feedback or a new opportunity in the market, and the business wants to deploy it as quickly as possible. Do you know the path the code must take from a development machine to production? How do you know the changes you've made aren't going to break existing functionality? To answer these questions, you need a deployment pipeline." %}

{% include _promo.html title="Is QA dead?" type="Article on" publication="ThoughtWorks Insights" url="https://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/qa-dead" imageUrl="images/is-qa-dead.png" description="Test automation is not a new practice. Most software teams are trying to automate testing in some way or another, especially as a replacement for long, manual regression testing cycles. If you’re a QA, you’ve probably wondered what this means for your job. In the world of ‘automate everything’ – where do you fit in? Is the role of the QA dead?" %}

{% include _promo.html title="DevOps culture" type="Bliki post on" publication="martinfowler.com" url="http://martinfowler.com/bliki/DevOpsCulture.html" imageUrl="images/devops_culture.png" description="DevOps is a movement to break down traditional silos between developers, operations and other delivery groups. Although many tools are useful, it is primarily a cultural change." %}

{% include _promo.html title="Four attributes of an agile business" type="Article on" publication="ThoughtWorks Insights" url="http://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/four-attributes-agile-business" imageUrl="images/four_attributes.jpg" description="Building software is something that your business needs to do well. You see more revenue moving through digital channels and you’re starting to realise that this trend will continue. Your company’s ability to remain competitive hinges on your use of technology. This same technology gives new competitors the ability to springboard their businesses and scale quickly." %}

{% include _promo.html title="Why you should hire a polyglot programmer" type="Article in" publication="P2 Magazine" url="http://thoughtworks.github.io/p2/issue09/hire-polyglot/" imageUrl="images/p2.png" description="It’s common for people to be sceptical of software developers with varied coding experience. We’re used to seeing, “5 years C# experience” on the CV in front of us, so when we see a CV that says: “2 years of Ruby, 1 year of Python and 2 years of Java”, we might be concerned that the person doesn’t have the depth of experience we need. Although this reaction is natural, it’s misguided." %}

{% include _promo.html title="My life as a developer at ThoughtWorks South Africa" type="Interview with" publication="ThoughtWorks Insights" url="http://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/my-life-developer-thoughtworks-south-africa" imageUrl="images/social_globe.jpg" description="Shortly after opening our first office in South Africa in 2012, our recruitment team were fervently sourcing the local market for people to join our rapidly growing 'family' in Johannesburg. Rouan Wilsenach was one the first few developers to join the team and now three years later he reflects on his journey and shares his advice for future ThoughtWorkers." %}
